Being born just before the turn of the millennium, I have never known a world without the internat and the world wide web. However, I still feel like I got a glimpse of the early days of it.<br><br>

When I was at an age where I started using the web, all the major website were up and running. However, they still had their original rustic designs. Learning how to make a website from scratch (writing HTML and CSS files) brings back memories, in that the page can have all functionalities but still look like crap. Or said differently; they look like the websites that I grew up with.<br><br>

I am a bit amazed by how making a website is easy, but at the same time difficult. It feels verbose, and I foresee some major scalability problems. I do not expect The Bioinformatical Garden anytime soon be of larger scale than being manageable through hardcoding. However, I think it best to try to stick to a scalable format. As a novice in the field of web development I most likely have missed some tools or frameworks that makes the job so much easier, and will probably look back at my newbie solutions with laughter (or more likely, tears). However, that is learning! In 2025, I could of course simply have used AI tools to make the whole website, without seeing any code. Alternatively, gone for a "drag and drop" system like WordPress. Coding the website from scratch makes me feel much more ownership of the product however. It is not to say that I do not use AI, or copy code and solutions from tutorials, but I try to make it my own by merge them with my own ideas. My mindset is always to try and learn something, not to blindly copy-paste code, with the latter that quite quickly can lead to code that to me is incomprehensive. Although at the moment of writing, "vibe coding" seems to be a way to use AI to generate working applications in a second, this solution is not for me.<br><br>

Although fun to reminisce of earlier days of the web, I still hope that The Bioinformatical Garden will have a more modern and sleek look soon.<br><br>

-The gardener
